Update index.rst with base image OS info (#693)
ansible/ansible-builder: docs/index.rst

Choosing a base image
---------------------

> You can use any base image you choose, as long as it's a RHEL-type image like CentOS, Fedora, or RHEL. These operating systems are directly supported.

Reviewer: I think this reads slightly better.

```suggestion
The base image must be a RHEL image or one of the RHEL-based variants (CentOS, Fedora, etc.). Other distributions are not supported at this time.
```

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't say "RHEL-based variants", since CentOS and Fedora are not based on RHEL (as Ubuntu is based on Debian). Maybe say something like "... or one of the similar distributions (CentOS, ..."?

Reviewer 3: > I wouldn't say "RHEL-based variants", since CentOS and Fedora are not based on RHEL (as Ubuntu is based on Debian). Maybe say something like "... or one of the similar distributions (CentOS, ..."?

RPM based and compatible with RedHat eco system (that would just exclude OpenSUSE and SLES)
